=pod

=encoding utf-8

Доброго всем

=head1 Mojo::Pg::Che::Results

¡ ¡ ¡ ALL GLORY TO GLORIA ! ! !

=head1 NAME

Mojo::Pg::Che::Results - mix of parent Mojo::Pg::Results and DBI.pm


=head1 SYNOPSIS

First see parent L<Mojo::Pg::Results#SYNOPSIS>

    my $cb = sub {
      my ($db, $err, $results) = @_;
      die $err
        if $err;
      say $results->fetchrow_array;
    };
    
    $pg->query("select ?::int", undef, $_, $cb)
      for 1..10;
    Mojo::IOLoop->start
      unless Mojo::IOLoop->is_running;


=head1 METHODS

All methods from parent module L<Mojo::Pg::Results> are inherits and implements the following new ones.

=head2 fetchrow_array

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#fetchrow_array>. Blocking | non-blocking. Input params - L<Mojo::Pg::Che::Database#Params-for-quering-methods>.

=head2 fetchrow_arrayref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#fetchrow_arrayref>. Blocking | non-blocking. Input params - L<Mojo::Pg::Che::Database#Params-for-quering-methods>.

=head2 fetchrow_hashref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#fetchrow_hashref>. Blocking | non-blocking. Input params - L<Mojo::Pg::Che::Database#Params-for-quering-methods>.

=head2 fetchall_arrayref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#fetchall_arrayref>. Blocking | non-blocking. Input params - L<Mojo::Pg::Che::Database#Params-for-quering-methods>.

=head2 fetchall_hashref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#fetchall_hashref>. Blocking | non-blocking. Input params - L<Mojo::Pg::Che::Database#Params-for-quering-methods>.

=head2 fetchcol_arrayref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#fetchcol_arrayref>. Blocking | non-blocking. Input params - L<Mojo::Pg::Che::Database#Params-for-quering-methods>.


=head1 AUTHOR

Михаил Че (Mikhail Che), C<< <mche[-at-]cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS / CONTRIBUTING

Please report any bugs or feature requests at L<https://github.com/mche/Mojo-Pg-Che/issues>. Pull requests also welcome.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2016 Mikhail Che.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut