=pod

=encoding utf-8

Доброго всем

=head1 Mojo::Pg::Che::Database

¡ ¡ ¡ ALL GLORY TO GLORIA ! ! !

=head1 NAME

Mojo::Pg::Che::Database - mix of parent Mojo::Pg::Database and DBI.pm


=head1 SYNOPSIS

See L<Mojo::Pg::Database#SYNOPSIS>

    my $db = $pg->db;
    
    # DBI style
    my $now = $db->selectrow_hashref('select now() as now')->{now};
    my $now = $db->db->selectrow_hashref('select now() as now')->{now};
    
    my $now = $db->selectrow_array('select now() as now', {Async=>1,});

=head2 Transaction syntax

  eval {
    $db->begin;
    $db->query('insert into foo (name) values (?)', 'bar');
    $db->do('insert into foo (name) values (?)', 'baz');
    $db->commit;
  };
  die $@ if $@;
  
  $db->begin;
  $db->do('insert into foo (name) values (?)', 'bazzzz');
  $db->rollback;
  $db->begin;
  $db->query('insert into foo (name) values (?)', 'barrr');
  $db->commit;

=head1 Non-blocking query cases

See L<Mojo::Pg::Che>.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

Parent method of L<Mojo::Pg::Database#new>

=head2 prepare

Prepare and return DBI statement handler for query string.

=head2 prepare_cached

Prepare and return DBI cached statement handler for query string.

=head2 selectrow_array

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#selectrow_array>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 selectrow_arrayref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#selectrow_arrayref>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 selectrow_hashref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#selectrow_hashref>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 selectall_arrayref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#selectall_arrayref>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 selectall_hashref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#selectall_hashref>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 selectcol_arrayref

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#selectcol_arrayref>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 do

DBI style quering. See L<DBI#do>. Blocking|non-blocking, query string|statement handler.

=head2 begin

Start transaction for given object which attr C< {tx} > is a <Mojo::Pg::Transaction> object. Sinonyms are: C<< ->tx >> and C<< ->begin_work >>.

=head2 commit

Commit transaction and drop attr C< {tx} > for destroing <Mojo::Pg::Transaction> object.

=head2 rollback

Rollback transaction and drop attr C< {tx} > for destroing <Mojo::Pg::Transaction> object.

=head1 AUTHOR

Михаил Че (Mikhail Che), C<< <mche[-at-]cpan.org> >>

=head1 BUGS / CONTRIBUTING

Please report any bugs or feature requests at L<https://github.com/mche/Mojo-Pg-Che/issues>. Pull requests also welcome.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2016 Mikhail Che.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut